                     1.8 HTML Attributes
                     
     Container elements provide information between their start and end tags.
     Most attributes have a value assigned to them.
     Attributes are surrounded by quote(single or double).
     A string is a group of zero or more characters surrounded by a pair of double quotes (“) or a pair of single quotes (‘).
     Double quates are prefered
     Attributes are more common with void elements
     The lang attribute tells the browser that the element is using a particular language for its content.
           (we can use it for any element)
     why the need of specifing an element language?
        -Help search engines find web pages that use a particular language.
        -Help spell-checker and grammar-checker tools work more effectively.
        -Help browsers use appropriate fonts.
        -Help speech synthesizers pronounce words correctl
        
                      meta charset Element
                      
     Syntax refers to the punctuation rules for code.
     Semantics refers to the meaning of the code.
     When a web server transmits a web page’s source code to an end-user’s computer, the web server doesn’t transmit 
      the source code’s characters the way we see them in this code or on a keyboard.
     It transmits coded representations of the source code’s characters.
     Coded representations are in binary(binary sequence of 8bit).
     For web page transmissions, the meta charset element specifies the encoding scheme.
     Using a charset value of “utf-8” is better because all modern browsers understand that value.
     The encoding scheme is sometimes referred to as a character set, and that’s what charset stands for. 
     Omiting the meta charset element,doesn't affect our web page because most browsers assume UTF-8 encoding by default.
     Although it will be on risk of characters being interpreted incorrectly.
 
                  meta name Element
 
     Most of the meta elements use the name attribute to specify the type of information that’s being provided.
     Common values for the meta name attribute are author, description, and keywords.
     The name and content attributes go together.
       The name attribute’s value specifies the type of thing that the content attribute’s value specifies.
       The content attribute specifies the author’s name
     Why is knowing the author’s name important?
       By specifying the author, the fixer/ enhancer knows whom to ask for help.
     The meta description element and also the meta keywords element help web search engines.
     The meta description element helps the person reading the code learn the purpose of the web page.
 
 
 
     
     
     
 